docs: add template verification steps for release manual (#1482)
akveo/react-native-ui-kitten: DEV_DOCS.md

5. Fix/expand changelog manually
6. Update documentation (e.g [DEV_DOCS.md](./DEV_DOCS.md)) files if needed
7. Push the branch, create PR, approve - merge
8. Pull the upstream (master or another version branch (e.g. 4.0.1, next))

> 9. Verify that js cli template working properly `npx react-native init JSTemplate --template {absolutePathToJsTemplate}(path example: file:/Users/{username}/kitten/react-native-ui-kitten/src/template-js)` and then remove created `JSTemplate` project
> 10. Verify that ts cli template working properly `npx react-native init TSTemplate --template {absolutePathToTsTemplate}(path example: file:/Users/{username}/kitten/react-native-ui-kitten/src/template-ts)` and then remove created `TSTemplate` project

Reviewer: I believe we should leave the link to RN CLI docs here and avoid the usage of path examples
```suggestion
9. Verify that React Native CLI works properly with local JS template `npx react-native init MyApp --template file:///path-to/react-native-ui-kitten/src/template-js)`. [See CLI docs](https://github.com/react-native-community/cli/blob/master/docs/commands.md#--template-string).
10. Verify that React Native CLI works properly with local TS template `npx react-native init MyApp --template file:///path-to/react-native-ui-kitten/src/template-ts)`. [See CLI docs](https://github.com/react-native-community/cli/blob/master/docs/commands.md#--template-string)
```
